---
title: 16th August 2020
language: "en"
date: 2020-08-09T11:00:00.000Z
---

## Did

-   Enhanced this website navbar by using the Router Hook.
-   Designed more screens for my school project.

    Came up with a very good concept for the users landing page, will soon be able to showcase it properly and share it here.

-   Added unDraw illustrations to my design stack. One simple illustration and our welcoming modal and the whole app feels 100% more professional and warm.

## Learned

-   What is a splash screen.

    That screen you see when the app you're trying to use is loading/opening, generally just a logo and the current version of the software.

-   About [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/).

    It was really cool to learn about it, I don't know why I get so excited about this organization topics on development.

    Just for having fun, I turned the current version of this website (pretty much nothing of the final desired product) into an release and will be now using semantic versioning when refering to its improvements.

-   CSS scroll-snap property.

## Enjoyed

-   [Essential Electron](http://jlord.us/essential-electron/)

    I have been searching about Electron for my next project - will take it as soon as I "finish" this website. This is a very good introduction and I actually wish there were versions of this for a lot of other languages and frameworks.

-   [Don't Wait Mock The API](https://css-tricks.com/dont-wait-mock-the-api/)

    As good Sam Selikoff fan, I already knew Mirage.js and reading this article got me even more excited about it. Unfortunately, I don't have any project to apply it to, but it seems so simple that I might do something silly just to do it.

-   [Game of Life with Github Activity Panel](https://defaced.dev/web/github-game-of-life/)

-   [Dave Makes Mixolumia](https://twitter.com/davemakes/status/1090077970968936448?s=20)

    By reading this thread you can read a man code a whole mobile game. It will make you excited about it, excited about building games and excited about playing his game - which you actuall can in fact do by going to your app store.
