---
title: 30th August 2020
language: "en"
date: 2020-08-30T11:00:00.000Z
---

## Did

-   Implemented the portfolio page of this website.

    It's live on master and you can go check it out but is not really ready.

    I deployed it to master for doing better observation and use of it, because the whole idea (from design to implementation) took me just one day. And when things work on the first try, you better doubt them.

-   Designed a food menu.

    I design digital interfaces day and night, so everytime I get to design something different (for fun or buz) is really fun.

-   Insterted "empty states" on our application flow.

    When I first designed all the screens for our app - and on future iterations - I ignored the state of the app in which the user hasn't entered anything yet.

    Developer Nicoly got very disappointed at Designer Nicoly when she tried to implement the screens this week. At some point the app will be filled with `FlatList`'s but at first sight, the app needs empty state images and instructions.

    I took care of that.

-   Implemented a new homepage for the app that takes onboarding into account.

## Learned

-   A little bit more about props destructing on React.

    [Source of knowledge](https://medium.com/@lcriswell/destructuring-props-in-react-b1c295005ce0)

-   Why my paths for `img`'s on Next.js never worked.

    It's all about the static server rendering and... yes, I came this far on building a Next.js application (this website) without properly reading the documentation.

-   About the many types of onboarding that apps can have and their different suits.

-   About **Data Visualization**

    Researched about the topic because I am trying to decide what charts (and data) we are going to present on the Report section of the app.

    Most of the finance apps show a bunch of charts and most of us don't understand half of them. I'd like our app to have better statistics than this.

    Data Visualization is an interesting topic that I'll be definetely be reading more about in these upcoming weeks.

## Enjoyed

-   [Awesome Made By Brazilians](https://github.com/felipefialho/awesome-made-by-brazilians)

    New goal: have a project of mine on this list.

-   [7 Deadly Sins of Data Visualization](https://medium.muz.li/dataviz-sins-976f3a08948c)

    This article made me cross out 7 charts-data ideas I had in mind and I'm really thankful for it.

-   [The Three A's method for learning from other creators](https://www.arun.is/blog/three-a-method/?ref=sidebar)
